complete rewrite of github PR comments (#1293)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-cloud-platform/gitlab-mr-comments.md

}
</ul>

# Set up GitLab merge request comments

Semgrep can create **merge request (MR) comments** in your GitLab repository. These comments inform your developers of **findings**, such as security issues, in their PRs. Semgrep can also provide remediation tips or code fixes that your developers can click to **commit** into their code directly.

:::info Prerequisites
- Merge request (MR) comments can only be set up through Semgrep Cloud Platform (SCP). [<i class="fas fa-external-link fa-xs"></i> Create an account](/semgrep-code/getting-started/#signing-in-to-semgrep-cloud-platform) to set up PR comments.
- You must connect your GitLab organization (org) to Semgrep. 
    - For GitLab Cloud users, this is done automatically after signing in.
    - For GitLab self-managed users, go to [<i class="fas fa-external-link fa-xs"></i> Settings](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/settings) and click **Add GitLab Self-Managed**.

> - You must add or onboard a Project (repository) to SCP and it must complete at least one full scan successfully.

Reviewer: see other comment about this line

:::

## Conditions for PR comment creation

> MR comments appear for the following types of scans and under certain conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MR comments appear for the following types of scans under these conditions:
```

}
</ul>

# Set up GitLab merge request comments

> Semgrep can create **merge request (MR) comments** in your GitLab repository. These comments inform your developers of **findings**, such as security issues, in their PRs. Semgrep can also provide remediation tips or code fixes that your developers can click to **commit** into their code directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep can create **merge request (MR) comments** in your GitLab repository. These comments inform your developers of **findings**, such as security issues, in their MRs. Semgrep can also provide remediation tips or code fixes that your developers can click to **commit** into their code directly.
```

:::info Prerequisites
- Merge request (MR) comments can only be set up through Semgrep Cloud Platform (SCP). [<i class="fas fa-external-link fa-xs"></i> Create an account](/semgrep-code/getting-started/#signing-in-to-semgrep-cloud-platform) to set up PR comments.
- You must connect your GitLab organization (org) to Semgrep. 
    - For GitLab Cloud users, this is done automatically after signing in.
    - For GitLab self-managed users, go to [<i class="fas fa-external-link fa-xs"></i> Settings](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/settings) and click **Add GitLab Self-Managed**.
- You must add or onboard a Semgrep project (repository) to SCP and it must complete at least one full scan on your default branch successfully.
:::

> ## Conditions for PR comment creation

Reviewer: I just realized that all instances of PR in this doc should probably be changed to MR; maybe you could leverage `{props.request_type}` or something in the components?

Author: Yes, this is a great catch. I try not to use the props too much as it's a [little limited in what it can do](https://www.notion.so/semgrep/TW-Handbook-90a5316973be47c193a0a2ed33d3cabe?pvs=4#60a208ce84ca489fa0c8ba0b8c1cf306), but I hope my edits are still understandable. Thank you Katie.

<DisplayTaintedDataIntro />

### View the path of tainted data in MR comments

To enable dataflow traces in your CI pipeline, fulfill the following prerequisites:

:::info Prerequisites

> - Set up GitLab merge request Semgrep comments, as described on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up Semgrep to push GitLab merge request comments as described on this page.
```

Author: I'm going with "to post GitLab merge request comments..." for this one :)
